feat(content): Add to placeholder descriptions for uninhabited Hai stations (#9698)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/map planets.txt

	attributes hai station uninhabited
	landscape land/station33
	description `This station was mothballed sometime in the last sixty thousand years. The docking area has an atmosphere, and a status panel indicates that the station's generators are functional but shut down, with standby mechanisms running on solar power alone.`

> 	description `	Bluerun seems to have been mainly meant for civilian habituation, but extensive mineral processing facilities indicate that ore refining was a sizable industry here. No doubt the designers of this station sought to take advantage of the large number of metallic asteroids in this system and process ores stationside rather than rely solely on Stonebreak's facilities. Doing so presumably reduced the resource burden caused by the massive influx of migrants to this station.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `	Bluerun seems to have been mainly built for civilian habituation, but extensive mineral processing facilities indicate that ore refining was once a sizable industry here. No doubt the designers of this station sought to take advantage of the large number of metallic asteroids in this system and process ores stationside rather than rely solely on Stonebreak's facilities. Doing so presumably reduced the resource burden caused by the massive influx of migrants to this station.`
```

> 	description `	Bluerun seems to have been mainly built for civilian habitation, but extensive mineral processing facilities indicate that ore refining was once a sizable industry here. No doubt the designers of this station sought to take advantage of the large number of metallic asteroids in this system and process ores stationside rather than rely solely on Stonebreak's facilities. Doing so presumably reduced the resource burden caused by the massive influx of migrants to this station.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `	Bluerun seems to have been mainly built for civilian habitation, but extensive mineral processing facilities indicate that ore refining was once a sizable industry here. No doubt the designers of this station sought to take advantage of the large number of metallic asteroids in this system and process ores stationside.`
```
I personally think the explanation in the last two sentences is a little excessive. It's so much historical context that it feels almost immersion-breaking given that we're supposed to be viewing this from `first last`'s perspective, not an omniscient one. I don't mean to knock any of the thought that went into this - I think this is interesting and makes sense, but as-is it just feels like a little too much to feed the player at once for snooping around on a derelict station. If y'all have other thoughts on how to trim this down or if you disagree, I'm open to suggestions and thoughts!

> 	description `	Bluerun seems to have been mainly built for civilian habituation, but extensive mineral processing facilities indicate that ore refining was once a sizable industry here. No doubt the designers of this station sought to take advantage of the large number of metallic asteroids in this system and process ores stationside rather than rely solely on Stonebreak's facilities. Doing so presumably reduced the resource burden caused by the massive influx of migrants to this station.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description `	Bluerun seems to have been mainly built for civilian habitation, but extensive mineral processing facilities indicate that ore refining was once a sizable industry here. No doubt the designers of this station sought to take advantage of the large number of metallic asteroids in this system and process ores stationside rather than rely solely on Stonebreak's facilities. Doing so presumably reduced the resource burden caused by the massive influx of migrants to this station.`
```

	attributes hai station uninhabited
	landscape land/station34
	description `This station was mothballed sometime in the last sixty thousand years. The docking area has an atmosphere, and a status panel indicates that the station's generators are functional but shut down, with standby mechanisms running on solar power alone.`

> 	description `	The original purpose of this station was to house Hai who had migrated from beyond the wormhole once it became clear that the Hai's empire was no longer tenable. However, today it is most notorious for an engineering malfunction that occurred when this station was still inhabited. In a freak accident, an entire habitation section of Darkrest lost power and depressurized, causing the deaths of countless civilians. Thousands of years later, no one knows for sure what caused the incident. Legends, stories, and conspiracy theories have blossomed from the event.`

Reviewer 4: Not a fan of this one. Descriptions for these should be limited to what can be gleaned from observation.
Also, and event like this would be far more appropriate if there was a station in the same system as Darkwaste.

Author: I'm not sure how the Darkrest event would make more sense if the station was in the same system as Darkwaste.
I see your point about the issue with the description not really following with what you are able to observe. I'll try changing it.

> 	description `	The original purpose of this station was to house Hai who had migrated from beyond the wormhole once it became clear that the Hai's empire was no longer tenable. However, today it is most notorious for an engineering malfunction that occurred when this station was still inhabited. In a freak accident, one of the station's hatches suddenly released oxygen out from the airlock, causing the deaths of countless civilians. Thousands of years later, no one knows for sure what caused the incident. Legends, stories, and conspiracy theories have blossomed from the event.`

Reviewer: Just one hatch killed countless civilians? Maybe better to give a little bit more clarification; unless there was something blocking the Hai evacuating, it seems unlikely that a lot of people died because an oxygen leak went unnoticed. What if an entire section lost power at once and simultaneously depressurised? This might prevent evacuation and could also be more mysterious than a simple oxygen leak.

(I don't have much knowledge about depressurisation so if someone could corroborate me on what I've said, that'd be great. 👍) 
```suggestion
	description `	The original purpose of this station was to house Hai who had migrated from beyond the wormhole once it became clear that the Hai's empire was no longer tenable. However, today it is most notorious for an engineering malfunction that occurred when this station was still inhabited. In a freak accident, an entire habitation section of Darkrest lost power and depressurized, causing the deaths of countless civilians. Thousands of years later, no one knows for sure what caused the incident. Legends, stories, and conspiracy theories have blossomed from the event.`
```

Reviewer 5: I found it plausible enough that one leak cascaded via explosive decompression under just the right (wrong?) conditions, but this does make that outcome a lot more reasonable.

	attributes hai station uninhabited
	landscape land/station36
	description `This station was mothballed sometime in the last sixty thousand years. The docking area has an atmosphere, and a status panel indicates that the station's generators are functional but shut down, with standby mechanisms running on solar power alone.`

> 	description `	Dwarfed by the nearby Quarg ringworld, Firefall is nevertheless capable of holding countless Hai. The station, like others of its type in Hai space, was once used to house those who migrated from the Hai's crumbling galactic empire. Now it is quite literally a shell of its former self, having been emptied out of all non-essential equipment long ago.`

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	description `	Dwarfed by the nearby Quarg ringworld, Firefall is nevertheless capable of holding countless Hai. The station, like others of its type in Hai space, was once used to house those who migrated from the Hai's crumbling galactic empire. Now it is quite literally a shell of its former self, having been emptied of all non-essential equipment long ago.`
```

> 	description `	Dwarfed by the nearby Quarg ringworld, Firefall is nevertheless capable of holding countless Hai. The station, like most others in Hai space, was once used to house those who migrated from the Hai's crumbling galactic empire without placing undue strain on their planets' natural resources. As their society adjusted to living within their systems behind the wormhole, the once-massive population of this station slowly dwindled as residents moved planetside. Now it is quite literally a shell of its former self, having been emptied out of all non-essential equipment long ago.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	description `	Dwarfed by the nearby Quarg ringworld, Firefall is nevertheless capable of holding countless Hai. The station, like most others in Hai space, was once used to house those who migrated from the Hai's crumbling galactic empire without placing undue strain on their planets' natural resources. As their society adjusted to living within their systems behind the wormhole, residents moved planetside, and the once-massive population of this station slowly dwindled. Now it is quite literally a shell of its former self, having been emptied out of all non-essential equipment long ago.`
```

Double as there was awkward, hopefully this is less so.

> 	description `	Dwarfed by the nearby Quarg ringworld, Firefall is nevertheless capable of holding countless Hai. The station, like most others in Hai space, was once used to house those who migrated from the Hai's crumbling galactic empire without placing undue strain on their planets' natural resources. As their society adjusted to living within their systems behind the wormhole, residents moved planetside, and the once-massive population of this station slowly dwindled. Now it is quite literally a shell of its former self, having been emptied out of all non-essential equipment long ago.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `	Dwarfed by the nearby Quarg ringworld, Firefall is nevertheless capable of holding countless Hai. The station, like others of its type in Hai space, was once used to house those who migrated from the Hai's crumbling galactic empire. Now it is quite literally a shell of its former self, having been emptied out of all non-essential equipment long ago.`
```
Too much exposition, but otherwise nice.

	attributes hai station uninhabited
	landscape land/station23
	description `This station was mothballed sometime in the last sixty thousand years. The docking area has an atmosphere, and a status panel indicates that the station's generators are functional but shut down, with standby mechanisms running on solar power alone.`

> 	description `	Due to Iritoroost's relative isolation from any inhabited planets, the station has become something of a destination for those looking to do shady business deals or otherwise participate in unsavory activities without getting caught. As virtually all but the most basic systems are inactive, the lack of surveillance has proven attractive to those looking for an extra measure of privacy, whether that be for legal or illegal enterprises.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `	Despite Iritoroost's relative isolation from any inhabited planets, the station appears to be visited with remarkably frequency. It may have become something of a destination for those looking to do shady business, but the evidence left behind by visitors is eclectic. As virtually all but the most basic systems are inactive, it seems the lack of continuous surveillance has proven attractive to those looking for an extra measure of privacy, for whatever reasons they may have.`
```
A little too specific for something you should learn about from a person not a place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `	Despite Iritoroost's relative isolation from any inhabited planets, the station appears to be visited with remarkable frequency. It may have become something of a destination for those looking to do shady business, but the evidence left behind by visitors is eclectic. As virtually all but the most basic systems are inactive, it seems the lack of continuous surveillance has proven attractive to those looking for an extra measure of privacy, for whatever reasons they may have.`
```
Fixing a typo

	attributes hai station uninhabited
	landscape land/station44
	description `This station was mothballed sometime in the last sixty thousand years. The docking area has an atmosphere, and a status panel indicates that the station's generators are functional but shut down, with standby mechanisms running on solar power alone.`

> 	description `	Judging by the size of the docking bay in this station, there was a substantial level of inter-system traffic between Ironfirth and Makerplace. The station's former population most likely communted to the planet for work, filling up its factories and ballooning their output. Considering how busy it must have been in its prime, the docking bay is eerily quiet.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `	Judging by the size of the docking bay in this station, there appeared to be a substantial level of intra-system traffic between Ironfirth and Makerplace. The station's former population most likely communted to the planet for work, filling up its factories and ballooning their output. Considering how busy it must have been in its prime, the docking bay is eerily quiet.`
```
`Intra-` meaning within the system, as opposed to `inter-` meaning between systems

> 	description `	Judging by the size of the docking bay in this station, there appeared to be a substantial level of intra-system traffic between Ironfirth and Makerplace. The station's former population most likely communted to the planet for work, filling up its factories and ballooning their output. Considering how busy it must have been in its prime, the docking bay is eerily quiet.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description `	Judging by the size of the docking bay in this station, there appears to be a substantial level of intra-system traffic between Ironfirth and Makerplace. The station's former population most likely commuted to the planet for work, filling up its factories and ballooning their output. Considering how busy it must have been in its prime, the docking bay is eerily quiet.`
```

	attributes hai station uninhabited
	landscape land/station45
	description `This station was mothballed sometime in the last sixty thousand years. The docking area has an atmosphere, and a status panel indicates that the station's generators are functional but shut down, with standby mechanisms running on solar power alone.`

> 	description `	This station still bears marks from the Hai-Korath war, even though it had long since been abandoned by the time the raids began. Even so the station is remarkably intact, a testament to Hai engineering's durability and longevity, if not necessarily beauty.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description `	This station still bears marks from the Hai-Korath war, even though it had long since been abandoned by the time the raids began. Even so, the station is remarkably intact, a testament to Hai engineering's durability and longevity, if not necessarily beauty.`
```

> 	description `	This station still bears marks from the Hai-Korath war, even though it had long since been abandoned by the time the raids began. Even so, the station is remarkably intact, a testament to Hai engineering's durability and longevity, if not necessarily beauty.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	description `	Though it had long since been abandoned by the time the raids began, this station came under repeated attack during the Hai-Korath war and still bears the marks to this day. Even so, the station is remarkably intact, a testament to Hai engineering's durability and longevity, if not necessarily beauty.` `
```

Another switch to try and be less awkward.

Current way implies (weakly) that the marks persist despite it being abandoned, as if being abandoned should have erased those marks.

> 	description `	Though it had long since been abandoned by the time the raids began, this station came under repeated attack during the Hai-Korath war and still bears the marks to this day. Even so, the station is remarkably intact, a testament to Hai engineering's durability and longevity, if not necessarily beauty.`

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	description `	Though it had long since been abandoned by the time the raids began, this station came under repeated attack during the Hai-Korath war and still bears the marks to this day. Even so, the station is remarkably intact, a testament to the durability and longevity, if not necessarily the beauty of Hai engineering.`
```
Soft suggestion

Reviewer: I'd put a comma between `beauty` and `of`.
```suggestion
	description `	Though it had long since been abandoned by the time the raids began, this station came under repeated attack during the Hai-Korath war and still bears the marks to this day. Even so, the station is remarkably intact, a testament to the durability and longevity, if not necessarily the beauty, of Hai engineering.`
```

	attributes hai station uninhabited
	landscape land/station6
	description `This station was mothballed sometime in the last sixty thousand years. The docking area has an atmosphere, and a status panel indicates that the station's generators are functional but shut down, with standby mechanisms running on solar power alone.`

> 	description `	In contrast to the Hai's normally durable engineering, this station appears to have sustained substantial damage since it was abandoned. Given its proximity to Unfettered space, the station's scars are most likely a reflection of the current war going on between the Hai and their northern brethren.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `	In contrast to the Hai's normally durable engineering, this station appears to have sustained substantial damage since it was abandoned. Given its proximity to Unfettered space, the station's scars are most likely a reflection of the current war taking place between the Hai and their northern brethren.`
```
`going on` seemed a little informal to me.

> 	description `	In contrast to the Hai's normally durable engineering, this station appears to have sustained substantial damage since it was abandoned. Given its proximity to Unfettered space, the station's scars are most likely a reflection of the current war taking place between the Hai and their northern brethren.`

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	description `	Despite the Hai's notably durable engineering, this station appears to have sustained substantial damage since it was abandoned. Given its proximity to Unfettered space, the station's scars are most likely a reflection of the current war taking place between the Hai and their northern brethren.`
```
Soft suggestion. I think it makes a bit more sense put this way. There's something odd about contrasting the engineering with the damage. I think it's more natural to say that even the Hai's engineering talents could not prevent this station from receiving damage.

	attributes hai station uninhabited
	landscape land/station40
	description `This station was mothballed sometime in the last sixty thousand years. The docking area has an atmosphere, and a status panel indicates that the station's generators are functional but shut down, with standby mechanisms running on solar power alone.`

> 	description `	After the opening of the wormhole in Waypoint, Sandsnap was briefly considered as a possible destination for humans looking to settle in Hai space. Reopening the station would have provided ample room for millions of potential migrants, without disturbing planetary ecosystems. Ultimately it was decided that the slow trickle of human settlers to Hai space did not justify the costs of bringing Sandsnap back online, and that it would be better for both humans and Hai if the two species weren't sequestered off from each other.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `	A tourist FAQ in the docking area cheerily informs any visitors that after the opening of the wormhole in Waypoint, Sandsnap was briefly considered as a possible destination for humans looking to settle in Hai space. Reopening the station would have provided ample room for millions of potential migrants, without disturbing planetary ecosystems. Ultimately it was decided that the slow trickle of human settlers to Hai space did not justify the costs of bringing Sandsnap back online, and that it would be better for both humans and Hai if the two species weren't sequestered off from each other.`
```

Reviewer 5: I really like this angle with a quick nod to how we learned the info.

It's the type of thing that doesn't need constant repeating across every instance to still set  up plausible expectation of similar methods. :)

> 	description `	A tourist FAQ in the docking area cheerily informs any visitors that after the opening of the wormhole in Waypoint, Sandsnap was briefly considered as a possible destination for humans looking to settle in Hai space. Reopening the station would have provided ample room for millions of potential migrants without disturbing planetary ecosystems. Ultimately it was decided that the slow trickle of human settlers to Hai space did not justify the costs of bringing Sandsnap back online and that it would be better for both humans and Hai if the two species weren't sequestered from each other.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `	A tourist FAQ in the docking area cheerily informs any visitors that after the opening of the wormhole in Waypoint, Sandsnap was briefly considered as a possible destination for humans looking to settle in Hai space. Reopening the station would have provided ample room for millions of potential migrants without disturbing planetary ecosystems. Ultimately, it was decided that the slow trickle of human settlers to Hai space did not justify the costs of bringing Sandsnap back online and that it would be better for both humans and Hai if the two species weren't sequestered from each other.`
```

> 	description `	A tourist FAQ in the docking area cheerily informs any visitors that after the opening of the wormhole in Waypoint, Sandsnap was briefly considered as a possible destination for humans looking to settle in Hai space. Reopening the station would have provided ample room for millions of potential migrants, without disturbing planetary ecosystems. Ultimately it was decided that the slow trickle of human settlers to Hai space did not justify the costs of bringing Sandsnap back online, and that it would be better for both humans and Hai if the two species weren't sequestered off from each other.`

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	description `	A tourist FAQ in the docking area cheerily informs any visitors that after the opening of the wormhole in Waypoint, Sandsnap was briefly considered as a possible destination for humans looking to settle in Hai space. Reopening the station would have provided ample room for millions of potential migrants without disturbing planetary ecosystems. Ultimately it was decided that the slow trickle of human settlers to Hai space did not justify the costs of bringing Sandsnap back online and that it would be better for both humans and Hai if the two species weren't sequestered from each other.`
```

	attributes hai station uninhabited
	landscape land/space6
	description `This station was mothballed sometime in the last sixty thousand years. The docking area has an atmosphere, and a status panel indicates that the station's generators are functional but shut down, with standby mechanisms running on solar power alone.`

> 	description `	The sheer size of this station is striking. Millions of Hai must have been housed here in Violetwake's heyday, which makes the lonely, isolated atmosphere here all the more jarring. The darkened corridors of the station remind you of some immense cave whose insides have still not been entirely mapped.`

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	description `	The sheer size of this station is striking. Millions of Hai must have been housed here in Violetwake's heyday, which makes the lonely, isolated atmosphere here all the more jarring. The darkened corridors of the station remind one of an immense cave whose insides have still not been entirely mapped.`
```
Soft suggestion. Doesn't tell the player what they're thinking quite so much.
